
    1. What is the difference between Git and Github?
       Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your local repository while Github helps in hosting git repository online.

    2. What are the benefits of using Version Control System? 
    a.Version control enables multiple people to simultaneously work on a single project without interfering with another person's work.
    b.Version Control System helps manage the source code for the software team by keeping track of all the code modifications. 
    c.It also protects the source code from any unintended human errors

    3. What language is used in Git?
       The languages used are C shell, Bourne shell, and a handful in Perl.

    4. Mention the various Git repository hosting service providers (at least 4)
    a.Bitbucket
    b.Gitlab
    c.Source forge
    d.Assembla

    5. What is a repository in Git?
       Repository in Git,is like a data structure used by version control system to store metadata for a set of files and directories in Git.
       It contains the collection of the files as well as the history of changes made to those files. It can also be considered as a project folder.

    6. How can you create a repository in Git?
       Create a directory to contain the project.
       Go into the new directory.
       Type git init.
       Type git add to add the files to a staging area.
       Type git commit.

    7. Name a few Git commands and explain their usage.
      a. git init 
        This command is used to start a new repository.
      b. git add
       Usage: git add *  
       This command adds a file to the staging area.
      c. git commit
       Usage: git commit -m “[ Type in the commit message]”  
       This command records or snapshots the file permanently in the version history.
      d.git status
        Usage: git status  
        This command lists all the files that have to be committed.
      e. git log
         Usage: git log  
         This command is used to list the version history for the current branch.

    8. What is Git?
       Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your local repository.
       It is also a software used for tracking changes in any set of files, usually used for coordinating 
       work among programmers collaboratively developing source code during software development. 

      9. What is a .git Directory?
       .git folder contains all the information that is necessary for your project in version control. 

    10. What happens if the .git directory gets deleted?
        The folder will no longer be under versioning control.



?